hi everyone i am vanessa the co-founder
of feel-good foods today we are going to
do a cooking demonstration on how to
cook our gluten-free dumplings okay so
now we're going to begin first thing we
need is a non-stick pan 1 cup of water a
tablespoon of oil we prefer canola oil
but it is your preference would you say
a neutral oil is best in a box of our
dumplings first thing to note before we
begin it is extremely important to use a
true nonstick this is not a nonstick pan
that is a nonstick so I'm the Jo is I'm
going to turn on the stove to about
medium-high heat I'm going to add a cup
of water right into the pin and at the
same time add my oil okay I'm going to
cover the pan with a lid and I'm going
to wait for the oil and the water to
come to a boil as you're waiting for
that opened in your box of job links now
each part of doublings comes with 8
pieces we're gonna cook them all place
dumplings flat side down now it will
splash a bit so just be careful
and I like to leave some room between
each dumpling because they can tend to
stick to one another okay so all of my
dumplings are in the pan I'm going to
place the lid back on and essentially
what you're going to do is basically
forget about so now that we have the lid
on the pan we will shake it periodically
just to make sure that the dumplings
don't stick and about 11 to 13 minutes
they should be finished you can also
check periodically move them around but
for the most part we suggest the
dumplings have now been cooking for a
couple minutes we're gonna just check
them see how they're doing looking good
put that lid back on good always give it
a little shake make sure they don't
stick now you will notice when cooking
the dumplings that they're gonna release
a lot of starch and the liquid is gonna
turn slightly milky in color that is
completely normal
don't be alarmed it's all part of the
cooking process like I mentioned before
you're gonna see the surface a little
bit of a milky color in the pan like I
said that's completely normal just put
the lid back on let them keep cooking
again I have a feeling that they're
almost ready so let's look
you can see
pretty much all of the water has
evaporated
and here you go seize the bottom of the
dumpling has a nice crest
what we think makes it taste back
and once they get that crisp you'll know
that they're ready
voila
and now for the best part you know what
I was going to cut them so I thought
that would be better for the video but
the way they really should be done is
all in one site
assist
and that concludes our cooking
demonstration we hope that this was
helpful and that you guys get a chance
to enjoy them as much as we do